Before diving deeper into how we can make our properties work closer together, let's have a look at working
with the template again.
We saw how we could output data,
for example here with string interpolation where I output the name, we saw how we could listen to events
like with key up for example, what if I wanted to do both at the same time? Two way data binding that
would be, for example here I get this input field and I want to populate this input field with the name
of the user,
so with my name in this case here, on the same time whenever I change it in the input field, I want to
update the data property and update it everywhere I outputted in my code
for example in this paragraph. Turns out it's really easy to set this up with vuejs,
all we need to do is add the the v-model directive to this input element. The v-model directive tells vuejs
set up two way data binding for this input here and then between the quotation marks, the property
which we want to bind in both directions, the name in this case.
So what this will do is it will on one hand,
easy as you can see here output the name in the input field
but then whenever I change it here it will listen to these changes and update the name property in my
vue instance thus reflecting this change in all the places where I also use the name instance like in
this paragraph.
Well, this is the missing piece when we are talking about data binding, where we were able to use the
interpolation, the v-bind syntax to bind two attributes, the v-on syntax to listen to events.
Well now we can also use two way binding to do both at the same time.